i thought you were dead
[Applause]
i've been away a long long time
[Music]
i won't let him go astray
just give sam some time she'll come
around after cobra kai shut down
i knew i had to keep fighting to stay
alive so i re-enlisted
the world needs cobra guy i remember you
doing back then what you're doing right
now
trying to find my weakness that's the
medal of honor
the highest honor awarded by the u.s
military so you guys want to be covered
guys huh
you get a long road to eddie diaz did
you purposely attack your opponent's
injury yes sensei the baddest badass is
the one who beats his opponent when he's
at his strongest
not when his back is turned
not when he's injured no more fighting
dirty from here on out
those are [ __ ] moves of miyagido karate
isn't to fight them
is to show them a different way you got
room for one more
if i'm extra hard on you it's only
because you have the potential to be
better than i ever was
you were young and i went overboard
cause believe me there ain't nothing i'd
like more in this world than to have
another chance
hold up
[Music]
is always moving in a circle and with
the wheel technique
you'll soon see that two people could be
as strong as 20.
class we have a visitor
this is mr crease one two
three true champion never stops training
you gotta keep moving forward or else
you're gonna get stuck exactly where you
are can't believe he's been living by
himself
i know you know we have the space that's
my ass
all your knuckles doing there crease
you're both in for a rude awakening
you're right sensei is definitely keen's
father
i wasn't suping but you know he's your
son
yeah robbie's my son
but that has nothing to do with how i
run my doji you have more students you
have more money
you have more money you pay more rent
yeah okay let's make new handshake deal
huh
come on fine i saw your little demo at
valley fest
you guys can put on a show can you
actually fight
show little miss hotshot here what cobra
kai is all about
[Music]
dory
only after your father attacked our dojo
where did you get that i swiped it from
the bottom sam this is tori
tori sam oh v sam hey
have either one of you seen my wallet
wait you're missing your wallet
my mom's missing her wallet it sucks for
her
you wouldn't know anything about that
what are you up to listen i didn't rob
your mom [ __ ]
get off of me
over the last 10 years i've been living
in places like this
you want a chance to redeem yourself you
got it
uh it was unclear if the gate was the
front door if i was supposed to
bring the door back i want to learn
karate
sensei crease you want to take this one
certainly sensei lawrence leave me alone
okay i don't want to have to hit a girl
[Music]
[Applause]
the fight is only over when you say it
and i'm still trying to figure out what
that means
[Music]
i'm sorry
let's finish the fight
they even took mr miyagi's medal of
honor
you're seriously gonna talk to me about
disrespecting dojos after what you just
did to mine
you don't earn a medal of honor by
stealing it
i want to be a bigger man i'd never like
to hear
russo's but that sort of [ __ ] we
don't teach in here
at least not anymore say nothing
i'll handle it i got to go deal with
something
can you man the fort probably he'll
trash the dojo hey we didn't have
anything to do with that
but i am sorry about what happened at
the mall happy to have you
nice to meet you johnny look
we can't let tommy rod in this place he
deserves better
i was in love with ali i don't think i
ever really got over her
because cobra khan never dies come and
take it
this isn't a tournament this is real
life is that how you want to live your
life
[Music]
about what you've been putting in my
kid's head since i've been gone
huh just been teaching him to weigh the
fist
like what you did when you backed down
from larusso's challenge is that what
the new carburcai is all about
you know what i'm sorry i thought this
could work but i was wrong
what are you doing here i'm not here to
fight i just
came to give something back
look what i found where johnny
lawrence's cobra kai
sometimes shows mercy oh excuse me can
we get some menus
oh look who it is i didn't recognize you
hi
take the costumes it's been a long time
i just signed up on the facebook maybe
we connect one of these days
johnny hey
so you are letting me think i'm a
paranoid [ __ ] and yet you're on a
date with robbie
look i just came to clear the air so
that things wouldn't be weird
are you okay
what the hell sam anybody be lucky to go
on a date with you
you asking me out
if i it's am
mom i have to leave again
or two this time baja vegas
let's go you never said anything about
inviting cobra guy
well i figured with summer ending and
school starting back up
we could stop all the fighting hey why
don't we push the tables together
no no no no it's not a good idea we're
so neat that is a great idea
sorry this is piper um my
you can say it girlfriend
you don't have to worry is gone he's not
coming back
why do you think miguel returned mr
miyagi's medal
you know mcdell took it to your house he
said he gave it to robbie
i'll always be miyagi doe and you'll
always be cobra kai
but that doesn't mean we have to be at
war right shouldn't have gotten stolen
in the first place so i'm just glad you
got it back
hey dad hey it's sam leave a message
it still keeps going to her voicemail
thanks for letting us crash here
last night sam what the hell is wrong
with you
[Music]
hey bring it up
don't i'm fine why did you call or text
us mr larusso
it was my fault the whole thing was a
it's a mistake you know you want to end
up like him that's up to you
all right come on sam
from now on no more lying
miguel gave me the medal of honor and i
put it in the backyard you know what you
did
and now you're gonna pay for it
you kiss miguel
settle down i'm sure we can figure this
out
[Music]
i'm not gonna throw the first punch too
bad
there are no rules
[Music]
i wasn't taught the difference between
mercy and honor and i paid the price for
it
i'm sorry
[Music]
so you know the next 24 hours are
critical
he's gonna pull through right i'm so
sorry
before miguel met you he was a sweet boy
he avoided bikes
i never want to see you again i don't
care about tori
i just want my girl to be okay
somebody needed to remind them what it
takes to win
miguel is in the hospital because of you
he showed mercy to robbie keane because
of you if he dies
that's on you i found that cobra guy
it belongs to me you went cobra kai
it's yours see what this stupid rivalry
has done
our daughter is in the hospital no more
karate
[Music]
you